README.md, before:

# Admin Panel Template ReactJS

## Live Playground

**You’ll need to have Node 10.x or Node 12.x on your local development machine**. You can use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installation) (macOS/Linux) or [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows#node-version-manager-nvm-for-windows) to switch Node versions between different projects.

- Clone this repository
- `yarn install`
- `yarn start`
- Visit http://localhost:3000/

## Mission

The purpose of this repo is to create a React JS template so we can standardize how we implement Admin Panels with the basic things such as auth, navigation, tables, forms, etc.

The template will therefore contain a set of components and functionality, that we will maintain either in this repo or in separate repos if we see a need to reuse it in other projects.

The goal is to be able to start up the project, where you can navigate to different screens that themselves are examples of how to implement cases such as fetching data for a table with sorting, ordering, pagination, etc, and modals to create/update data in the rows.

As this repo will be used for different clients, we need to be able to easily theme it, and extend it for specific client needs.

## Roadmap

The roadmap in the [project tab](https://github.com/monstar-lab-group/admin-panel-template-reactjs/projects/1) will contain all the features that we need to implement, so you can pick up a task from there or ask @Themi Tsiotas von Pfaler to assign you a task.

## How We Work

This template follows **syntax**, **semantics**, and **folder structure** defined in the [web-frontend repo](https://github.com/monstar-lab-group/web-frontend).

Commit message:

Chore/updates (#67)
* add netlify badge

* remove any, and add todo in api

* add eslint ignore any

* add link to demo

README.md, after:

# Admin Panel Template ReactJS

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/c5bd55a2-cf9c-46ec-8cd2-acb2222aed90/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/ml-admin-panel-template/deploys)

## Demo

You can check out a running demo of the site here: [https://ml-admin-panel-template.netlify.app/](https://ml-admin-panel-template.netlify.app/)

## Live Playground

**You’ll need to have Node 10.x or Node 12.x on your local development machine**. You can use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installation) (macOS/Linux) or [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows#node-version-manager-nvm-for-windows) to switch Node versions between different projects.

- Clone this repository
- `yarn install`
- `yarn start`
- Visit http://localhost:3000/

## Mission

The purpose of this repo is to create a React JS template so we can standardize how we implement Admin Panels with the basic things such as auth, navigation, tables, forms, etc.

The template will therefore contain a set of components and functionality, that we will maintain either in this repo or in separate repos if we see a need to reuse it in other projects.

The goal is to be able to start up the project, where you can navigate to different screens that themselves are examples of how to implement cases such as fetching data for a table with sorting, ordering, pagination, etc, and modals to create/update data in the rows.

As this repo will be used for different clients, we need to be able to easily theme it, and extend it for specific client needs.

## Roadmap

The roadmap in the [project tab](https://github.com/monstar-lab-group/admin-panel-template-reactjs/projects/1) will contain all the features that we need to implement, so you can pick up a task from there or ask @Themi Tsiotas von Pfaler to assign you a task.

## How We Work

This template follows **syntax**, **semantics**, and **folder structure** defined in the [web-frontend repo](https://github.com/monstar-lab-group/web-frontend).
